---
aliases: Feeling Bored Today
id: journal-2024-02-27
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 7
Why: Feeling bored, but pretty decent
Meditation: true
Exercise: true
Study: 5
Ultradian_Cycles: 0.6
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-02-27 19:11
modified_at: 2024-02-27 19:11
date: 2024-02-27
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W09')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-02-26]]  <-  2024-02-27  ->  [[2024-02-28]]   ->->

> [!quote] Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
> — Marcus Aurelius

---
# `=this.aliases`
So, I usually type my journal notes onto a USB or something, but I wanted to try out this new software named Obsidian or whatever. Seems... pretty odd? I setup a rather decent workflow using some dots off a guy on reddit, and now I'm not sure how quite to use this.

Today was a pretty boring school day, NGL. We did some random shit off of school, worked on history posters, got fucked up by Mr. Martin, grades plummeting, but you get the drill. You're me, after all. (This shit sounds so cringe... I know I will cringe hard at reading this crap after all the years)

But regardless, hopefully in the coming days, I can use this more productively.
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- My English Teacher (she's being pretty decent today.)


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

Oh wait... what the fuck? There's a seperate section for a glimpse of the day? I really need to edit these...

Well, you read shit up at the top. I gotta edit these dots to suit my own lifestyle. Will work on later?
Reminds me... I have to setup different habit tracking shit. Excercise and mediation are some goofy ass habits. Like what the fuck?

Also... ELECTRON IS LAGGY AF
BRO I CANT TYPE

Lmfao. See ya bitches.

*Rehan Ali*

---

