---
tags: journal/weeklynote
id: journal-2024-W09
week: 2024-W09
aliases: 
Mood: 3
Why: 
banner: https://i.imgur.com/RvNY9BJ.png
banner_y: 0.8
banner_icon: 📅
created_at: 2024-02-27T19:11:47-05:00
modified_at: 2024-02-27T19:11:47-05:00
why: This week was pretty fucking bad, because of Aon.
Health: 10
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-February, 2024')[0].file.link`
<-<- [[2024-W08]] <- 2024-W09 -> [[2024-W10]] ->->
M [[2024-02-26|26]] • T [[2024-02-27|27]] • W [[2024-02-28|28]] • T [[2024-02-29|29]] • F [[2024-03-01|01]] • S [[2024-03-02|02]] • S [[2024-03-03|03]]

> [!quote] Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
> — Hanya Yanagihara

---

> [!info]+ Mood
> 
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
>  **Why:** `INPUT[text:why]`

>[!tip]+ Health
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Health]
> ```

---
### Currently Listening To:
> ['**Doomsday**' by ***MF DOOM, Pebbles The Invisible Girl*** **1m:24s** (28%)](https://open.spotify.com/track/7EQvdUJqZ2i7SWvSB2VqGA)
> Tue Mar 05 2024 - 6:46:54 PM

<br/>

## What is worth remembering about this week?
- The entire fiasco about Aon. Will teach me not to every... you know what again.
- It was the first time I started worrying about my productivity. Obsidian, obsidian, all week long
- Honestly a pretty normal week other than that

## What am I grateful for this week, and what am I thinking of?
- My friends are always there for me. At least, when I most need them. Especially Joy, who put his own friendships at risk
- Shiloh the woman.

## What did I set to achieve this week?
- I was attempting to mend relationships with Aon. It didn't go very well, but it exposed me to a truth that I had to see at some point.

## What did I accomplish this week?
- Productivity. Obsidian is insanely cool.

## What could I have done better? What are my regrets?
- I regret not being able to mend things with Aon. 
- I could have handled the argument with him more commonly.
- I wish I didn't think of Aon... as a girl.

## What I want to achieve next week?
- Tuesday, I get my MCVSD results. Hopefully I make it.
- I would like to keep the same level of productivity as I did this week.
