---
aliases: I Need A Drink
id: journal-2024-02-28
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 1
Why: Today was an extremely chaotic day
Meditation: true
Exercise: true
Study: 
Ultradian_Cycles: 0
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-02-28 17:25
modified_at: 2024-02-28 17:25
date: 2024-02-28
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W09')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-02-27]]  <-  2024-02-28  ->  [[2024-02-29]]   ->->

> [!quote] You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
> — Eckhart Tolle

---
# `=this.aliases`
So... a bunch of shit happened today. Summary, I am no longer dating someone who I thought I loved. I am also no longer friends with them. And it seems that I knew them a lot less than I really did. I need a drink, and not metaphorically.
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- My best friends for being there for me
- My cousin Sun, for being on my side
- Realizing the problem before it got worse
- Shiloh, for all the advice she gave me even though it hurt her the most


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

Today was a shitstorm of chaos. Literally tornadoes and wind burning with heat everywhere. People were spitting fire on each other. It was fucking magical. As I had only recently started this journal of sorts, I have not written down how I broke up with Aon. In case I don't remember in the future:

It went sort of like this: I broke up with her because I didn't like her anymore (and I didn't see myself as well... not straight), she started getting argumentative and exceptionally toxic, started blaming our friends for lying when she was obviously being more of a pathological liar, and lost both of our mutual friends, one of whom was HER best friend.

She made Shiloh cry, as she had lost a friend who she thought she could change and fix. And she kept yelling and talking behind the backs of others, when everything was clearly her fault. I ended up snapping. There was a sort of a riot at school today. I cannot even clearly remember who took my side, though I vividly remember Aon's OWN best friend saying that she agreed with me (Fem. Angel).

Aon stormed out crying, more or less, because I snapped at her. She kept insisting that these things weren't my business, when they OBVIOUSLY WERE. Joy has to work on her in a project later, so I almost feel bad for him. Almost.

And then, I had to orchestrate Joy to stop ghosting JJ over a fight they literally had a year ago. Crazy as fuck. IDK why he was still mad, but things seem better now. Hopefully they will be tomorrow?

Anyways, I have homework to do. Peace out.

*Rehan Ali*

---

