---
tags: journal/weeklynote
id: journal-2024-W10
week: 2024-W10
aliases: 
Mood: 10
Why: 
banner: https://i.imgur.com/RvNY9BJ.png
banner_y: 0.8
banner_icon: 📅
created_at: 2024-03-04T22:26:20-05:00
modified_at: 2024-03-04T22:26:20-05:00
why: HOLY SHIT
Health: 10
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-March, 2024')[0].file.link`
<-<- [[2024-W09]] <- 2024-W10 -> [[2024-W11]] ->->
M [[2024-03-04|04]] • T [[2024-03-05|05]] • W [[2024-03-06|06]] • T [[2024-03-07|07]] • F [[2024-03-08|08]] • S [[2024-03-09|09]] • S [[2024-03-10|10]]

> [!quote] The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
> — Confucius

---

> [!info]+ Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
>  **Why:** `INPUT[text:why]`

>[!tip]+ Health
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Health]
> ```

---
### Currently Listening To:
> ['**none**' by ***funeral, midwxst*** **10s** (9%)](https://open.spotify.com/track/5EmRpHqKTMQVFl7KCNbQCw)
> Mon Mar 11 2024 - 8:08:24 PM

<br/>

## What is worth remembering about this week?
- I got into the #1 STEM school in the entire fucking country (High Tech HS)
- Won 1st place at Regionals for Odyssey of the Mind (2nd time in a row)
	- Got three medals now
- I got a free shirt! From OM.
- Marriage between Oishi and Tuen. Hanging out w/ the boys was peak.

## What am I grateful for this week, and what am I thinking of?
- I am grateful for Allah. He must have guided me to all these things. 
- Year of the Dragon. I don't believe in superstition but I've been pretty lucky this year.
- My parents. I will always be grateful for my parents.

## What did I set to achieve this week?
- I set out to NOT win regionals.
- I also was prepared to be faced with the news of being rejected from the school

## What did I accomplish this week?
- I managed to do enough studying to get into HTHS.
- No hard effort put in and yet we got into OM States. How the fuck?

## What could I have done better? What are my regrets?
- We could have done way better with the structure and script if we had more time for OM.
- I wonder if I gave the right advice to Shiloh and Joy. Am I the one who's being manipulative now?

## What I want to achieve next week?
- Mend relationships between Shiloh and Joy
- Maintain a steady working pace and beating procrastination
- Get decent grades in subjects
