---
aliases: Shiloh's Bday
id: journal-2024-03-10
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 8
Why: Free Food Bruh
Meditation: true
Exercise: true
Study: 
Ultradian_Cycles: 
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-03-11 19:51
modified_at: 2024-03-11 19:51
date: 2024-03-10
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W10')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-03-09]]  <-  2024-03-10  ->  [[2024-03-11]]   ->->

> [!quote] Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
> — Richard Whately

---
# `=this.aliases`
...Was pretty fun, actually. Laser tag, huh? Realistic too, if you get what I mean.
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- Friends
- Shiloh
- Friends
- Wait...


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

So, today was... hectic, to say the least. I started off the morning by trying to cut out some beef between Shiloh and Joy. Why do I keep getting involved in this drama? There's barely 4 months left of school. Let me sleep, bruh.

Apparently Joy is being a manipulative bastard. I don't see it. I told him to apologize no matter what Shiloh tells him because even if it is all a lie, I know Joy would mean the apology. Though, nothing ended up happening between them that day. Shiloh said she needed some time to think?

Today was also Daylight Savings, and since it's Spring, I just lost me an hour of sleep. Quite similar to the quote at the top, huh? Coincidence? I think not. However, that just means that I had even less time to work on both my English project and everything else I had due the next day. I did end up clutching it all at the end though 👍

Shiloh's birthday party was actually a load of fun. Jordan and Veer started tryharding, but it was still pretty fun TBH. The guns had literal scopes and were quite realistic. It was like playing Airsoft, except we played for free.

Ramadan starts to(night?), so I had better wake up. I set myself an alarm, so hopefully it isn't too early that I wake up? This will to be decided.

Peace out, homies.

*Rehan Ali*

---

