---
aliases: Royal Rumble
id: journal-2024-03-05
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 8
Why: Feelin pretty nice today, dunno why. Maybe cuz I'm being productive?
Meditation: true
Exercise: true
Study: 5
Ultradian_Cycles: 1
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-03-05 18:42
modified_at: 2024-03-05 18:42
date: 2024-03-05
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W10')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-03-04]]  <-  2024-03-05  ->  [[2024-03-06]]   ->->

> [!quote] Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
> — William Shakespeare

---
# `=this.aliases`
Oh... yeah. I got into HTHS too. But Royal Rumble.
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- Joy, for being there and supporting me
- My parents for making sure I could get into HTHS
- Mrs. Jafri, for the wonderful recommendation letter
- The tutors at Foley who helped me


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

I got into High Tech baby! Y'all do not know how goddamn anxious I was waiting for those results. I did *not* believe my mom when she told me that I had been accepted. And with the low score of 86 as well? Impossible. Joy's gonna pay up.

First day of tennis was today too. It was more or less an orientation, so nothing special there. Hopefully I'm better than I was last year? ...Is what I'd like to say, except that's wishful thinking. I'll get Anish to teach me, maybe. If he cares enough. Speaking of Anish, Aon is more or less ignoring everything that has happened in the past week. Like, she forgot every single grudge. Wtf??

I also kind of lost the habit of using this tool over the weekend, but it was a minor setback. Just a small relapse. I won't forget again, hopefully.

Also Royal Rumble was wild today. Japjeev really tried wrestling with my ass. Like how am I supposed to beat someone literally 175 pounds and 5'9. I'm 5'5 mothafucka!

Whatever. I stayed up late kind of doing homework. My mom's on my tail, so peace for now. See ya bitches.

(God all of this sounds so cringe when I read it to myself)

*Rehan Ali*

---

