---
aliases: 1st Place OM
id: journal-2024-03-09
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 8
Why: 
Meditation: true
Exercise: true
Study: 
Ultradian_Cycles: 
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-03-09 20:12
modified_at: 2024-03-09 20:12
date: 2024-03-09
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W10')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-03-08]]  <-  2024-03-09  ->  [[2024-03-10]]   ->->

> [!quote] To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
> — Confucius

---
# `=this.aliases`
### Listening to:
> ['**Sauce!**' by ***XXXTENTACION*** **09s** (6%)](https://open.spotify.com/track/3jq1RpStaB1YGyN3rRZGca)
> Sat Mar 09 2024 - 8:40:30 PM

Yessir. I won, again! Year of the Dragon really is lucky. Like goddamn! 
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- Emotions
- Winning
- Those 3 pins I got from OM


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

I have actually been so lucky this year that it's kind of crazy TBH. I got into HTHS. I won first place at OM. I convinced my dad to buy me fake AirPods. I got a free shirt from OM. Like... think about it.

God. Damn. Also, I was freaking out about OM this morning and I think I was highly running on adrenaline during the performance or else I would've been dead tired.

The script also severely needs improvement. I literally forgot my lines halfway through. It literally took me a whole 5 seconds to remember them.

But... enough about that. We got Chinese food after! I probably need to take a dump, seeing as how I've been stuffing my stomach with food for two days straight (see wedding at [[2024-03-08]])

It's actually kind of crazy. And tomorrow is a birthday party. Weirdest week ever. Gonna have a shit ton of stuff to say when I'm back at school.

Enough about me. Let's talk about you. What have you done that effects you positively? But.... wait... doesn't *you* just mean *me*, cuz... I wrote this?

Nah I can't think about that shit. Peace out, homie.

*Rehan Ali*

---