---
aliases: Why Isn't It Spring Break?
id: journal-2024-04-02
tags: journal/dailynote
Mood: 1
Why: need sleep
Meditation: false
Exercise: false
Study: 4
Ultradian_Cycles: 
banner: https://i.imgur.com/hxMd3z1.jpg
banner_icon: 📅
banner_y: 0.68
created_at: 2024-04-02 17:33
modified_at: 2024-04-02 17:33
date: 2024-04-02
---

↑ `$=dv.pages().where(b => b.id == 'journal-2024-W14')[0].file.link`
<-<-  [[2024-04-01]]  <-  2024-04-02  ->  [[2024-04-03]]   ->->

> [!quote] There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
> — Benjamin Franklin

---
# `=this.aliases`
### 

### Daily Schedule
### Currently Listening To:
> ['**come thru**' by ***juno, midwxst*** **10s** (8%)](https://open.spotify.com/track/3kZLfFEvFmuRhpVM7Nyfq0)
> Tue Apr 02 2024 - 6:08:55 PM
## Info

> [!todo]- Study
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Study Rating'), minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Study]
>```
> ```meta-bind
>INPUT[progressBar(title('Ultradian Cycles'), stepSize(0.2), minValue(0), maxValue(5)):Ultradian_Cycles]
>```

> [!info]- Mood
> ```meta-bind
> INPUT[progressBar(minValue(0), maxValue(10)):Mood]
> ```
> **Why:** `INPUT[text:Why]`

> [!danger]- Habit Tracker
> **Meditation:** `INPUT[toggle:Meditation]` | **Exercise:** `INPUT[toggle:Exercise]` 

---
## Things I am grateful for:
- Sleep
- Sleep
- Need sleep
- FML


## Glimpse of the day

**Dear Diary**,

Life is not fucking good right now.

Odyssey of the Mind keeps coming back to haunt me. I honestly want to quit. I wanted us to lose last time, as morbid as that sounds. I love that we won first place... and I would like the same for us again, but I really can't justify the amount of workload being placed on me. 

Fasting, along with all of this is going to drive me insane. I don't know how much longer I can handle this. But I'm a man. I'm not going to say that I don't want to fast. Allah will help me, perhaps.

I am also lacking in sleep. Last night, someone told me to fix my cardiac rhythms (or whatever they're called). How am I expected to do this? As addicted as I am to reading? As procrastinating of a person as I am? But none of that is an excuse, I suppose. I will try. I have to try.

My eyes hurt. My mind is tired. I am not in a peak state of consciousness.

Maybe I should take a nap? And, maybe only then, would my insane ramblings leave me alone. 

...Now that I think of it, I probably should not have worn a sweater during tennis. It only exhausted me further and caused me to sweat without being able to drink water to refill those sweat glands.

*Rehan Ali*

---
